Coremap:
	The coremap is basically a inverted table. Each entry indicates the physical address, is_allocated, block_len, timestamp.

Struct coremap_entry {
Unsigmed block_len;
Paddr_t paddr;
Bool is_allocated:1;
Bool is_pinned:1;
__u64 timestamp;
}

Block_len is used to record the number of pages for that address and timestamp is used for FIFO
 algorithm to select a victim page.

Before the coremap is initialized, it  directly uses steal_ram to allocate a physical address 
to a virtual page. But the coremap is build, every time it allocates new memory, it will 
consult the conmap. 

vm_falt:  The vm_fault is consisted of  two main parts. The first part is to check if the
 fault address is in the region range. While if the fault address does not belong to any 
legal region, it will return error msg. While the second part is based on the two level 
page table, if the corresponding address is tagged with swapping out (We didn’t really 
complete this part, there is some issues in our part), we write if back. If it is still 
in memory, we directly translate it and write it to TLB.

Page table :
The implementation of the demain page, we have to change the structure of the 
addreaspce first, because, the date and text are variy to load int to adddreaspace, 
in order to do thoes. We need a base address, which could be the first level page 
table base point, in addition, we may need some others variable to help use to 
indicate the heap start, end, also for the stack, and an struct array to store 
in infonnation about the size of each data or text need to how many pages in 
physical memory to stored. Then once the as_defin_region been call, we will 
use mask to get first and second level page index, and use those two index 
to start to modify and structuring our page table based on level one page 
table base point. 

Page swap:
1. Open the second storage
2. We chose another free virtual disk as our second storage, and keep an array
 of recorders(struct variable we defined), each recode,we save the which pid 
and vaddr to indicate the recode belong to whcih addreeaspace. For the swap out
, we will check the the instance already exist and what is offset position in 
second disk. if yes, we traversal  all arraylist compare the curpoc->t_pid and 
vaddr, if find one we access that record and return offset index, if did not 
find we assign one for it meanwhile modify a new record struct and save into 
arraylist. Then we use uio_init function to init the all info to a structure, 
the call VOP_WRITE to write into.
3. For swap in, we check the record in that array list or not , if not return 
error message, because it should been find in records, however , if we get 
find the matched record, we init struct, then call VOP_read, load the data into.



